msal-net-xamarin-android-considerations.md - Updates to Xamarin android support (#71182)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-use-brokers-with-xamarin-apps.md

                    android:path="/hgbUYHVBYUTvuvT&Y6tr554365466="/>
```

> For more information on configuring your application for system browser and Android 11 support, please take a look at [Update the Android manifest for System Browser Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-net-xamarin-android-considerations#update-the Android-manifest-for-system-browser-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring your application for system browser and Android 11 support, please take a look at [Update the Android manifest for System Browser Support](msal-net-xamarin-android-considerations.md#update-the-android-manifest).
```

Guidance for hyperlinks:

* Always manually check your links by clicking on them - as written, this one is busted (note space after *the* in the anchor designation)
* Use relative links for in-repo targets (like this one)
* Use site-relative links for docs.microsoft.com targets
* Remove locale identifiers (`en-us`) from other Microsoft link targets (e.g. azure.com)

    Example: If you first install Microsoft Authenticator and then install Intune Company Portal, brokered authentication will *only* happen on the Microsoft Authenticator.
- **Logs** - If you encounter an issue with brokered authentication, viewing the broker's logs might help you diagnose the cause.

>   - Acquiring Microsoft Authenticator logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Get Microsoft Authenticator logs:
```

**BUT**... These are steps show how to _send_ the logs, not get/view/acquire.

Are they displayed after the final step?

Author: they are not displayed. you are right

    1. Select the menu button in the top-right corner of the app.
    1. Select **Send Feedback** > **Having Trouble?**.
    1. Select one of the options under **What are you trying to do?** to add a description

>     1. You can then hi the arrow on the top right of the screen to send the logs. 

Reviewer 2: >hi [](start = 20, length = 2)

hide ? .. click ? hit!

>     1. Once you send the logs you will be presented with a popup that will contain an **Incident ID**. Please provide this incident ID when requesting assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select the arrow on the top right of the screen to send the logs.

        Once you send the logs, a popup window displays the **Incident ID**. Record the Incident ID and then provide it when you request assistance.
```

>   - Acquiring Intune Company Portal logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Get Intune Company Portal logs:
```

Same comment here - this sends the logs, but how/where do they view/get/acquire the logs?

    1. Select the menu button on the top-left corner of the app
    1. Select **Help** > **Email Support**
    1. Select **Upload Logs Only** to send the logs.

>     1. Once you send the logs you will be presented with a popup that will contain an **Incident ID**. Please provide this incident ID when requesting assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        Once you send the logs, a popup window displays the **Incident ID**. Record the Incident ID and then provide it when you request assistance.
```
